if you guys want any cheaper MSP PSN
codes or cheap game cards make sure you
go over 2g to a calm and use discount
called be 87 to get free percent off
your total order hi guys and welcome to
the web sort of the road to glory way to
showdowns BPL as you can tell in team we
have four gold players two of them are
actually lock-ins as well with alexis
sanchez and luis from chelsea in the
left baptism Kabul and N'Zogbia they're
going to taxpayers we're going to offer
lock-ins in the future but because you
guys did want some inform Silver's gone
today is inform special we're gonna go
off some inform Silver's only free of
them there isn't that many and there's
only free I really want the first one
being informed body now guys if we can
train smash or five thousand lights I'd
be awesome the people who are liking the
video before actually watching it all
the way through they're absolutely
brilliant and that showed in Friday's
episode as well so continue doing it if
you want so the first game is for forty
thousand coins that is the value of it
we club against cabella at stryker with
remy a nice-looking French and French
German bund as they get pretty weird mix
up actually but it is looks like it's a
solid team and and it was not dead links
by looks of it we are rocking the
Barcelona kit by accident that is
because I come from playing this game
straight from the the fatal for if you
guys haven't watched a little mini road
to glory which started on the fatal for
this weekend make sure you go back and
check it out two episodes of you to
watch and obviously in the last episode
you get to choose the upgrade so if you
like this style of road to glory you
will like that one as well we go and
make it 1-1 or was it email it 11 and a
gaby about holding straight on fruit
make it 2-1 now guys there is a massive
shortage of me playing fresh subscribers
that means and you're gonna see a lot of
me playing the same and similar type of
people throughout the week now that's
annoying to me because I want to play as
many different people as a camp and if
you guys do wanna partake in any of
these wages please go and check my
Twitter for the website i am using for
the wager matches and make sure you
around with a friday saturday and sunday
where I get all 15 games for the week
done so I can partake it with you we
make it 4-2
basically sealing the victory and then
Valencia linking up with in Zambia who I
absolutely love as a non mer camp one
straight on through and is able to put
it past the goalkeeper and defender
suddenly line to make it 5-2 first game
and we do get an in-form upgrade that is
disappointing nor because I love NM
Valencia and he's coming to the team
made a massive impact unfortunately he's
seen his way out now to inform Valley a
player who's not informed I didn't
really like but fingers crossed we can
get that sautéed in the next couple of
hours after this and hopefully replacing
straight away with an on marigold the
next one is a fresh inform from this
week's team the week which is Chester
and he was valued at eighty-five
thousand coins and at the moment of
playing his wage a few of the prices may
be out as you're checking them from
today but that's because we are played
him on the weekend when the prices do
rise we can walk into this guy again we
played in last week as well hazard
Sanchez in the left forward right for
positions and a very dangerous midfield
and defense not fitting yeah is a
dangerous it's fast it's really fast and
but this guy seems to read me quite well
and exploit weaknesses num the main
weakness and find him of the team after
adding and the goal plays maybe I should
have gone all silver then to gold enter
vagal but I like to mix it up a little
bit and get some big transfers in there
anywhere we make it one we losing one
nil against this guy the defense is
really sloppy but it's not just the
defense with sloppy I am sloppy at this
game and I was sloppy it this weekend he
extends a lead to two nil there in the
34th minute with a direct her from the
food ads but we're able to get a nice
sniffing and via some mistakes from him
he was doing some skills from pointless
skills as well in the midfield and it
was my fast counter-attacking and inform
body on his debut does manage to put it
in the back of the net making it one to
one to him in the 77th minute but
washing I didn't get any more chances as
you can see there he dominated on stats
and and shots I only had one strong
target which was a girl and we do
unfortunately lose our wager so this
gives me the chance to explain what
happens when we do a golfer in forms
with the informs if we lose an in-form
wager we do not downgrade that place or
thankfully
acorus tears in the team if we win and
we upgrade him it's like a bonus that
it's like a Bruce Lee bonus from the
back in 2013 when we did the fee for 12
ones it's nice and it's a nice little
bonus but obviously does affect my total
profit as you can see my total profit
has dipped down to two hundred and forty
nine thousand coins now and obviously
the guy asks for a rematch trying to get
some more money off me and this one's
for eighty thousand coins for the right
back position of in form chambers the
Ashland farm actually and it's not a bad
caddie I've used in before thankfully it
was me getting off to the fresh that his
slickness had gone it felt totally
different from the first game and it was
a nice over-the-top fooball from kiotti
to Gabby of Omaha and obviously we're
not gonna be missing from their makes it
1 mil in the ninth minute a great slap
now if I do player and gabi above the
whole scores guys do not get offended
because I do the basic and basic
celebrations which the player does have
something that's holding air think it is
and Gabby blonde whores are quite an
obnoxious celebration where he does put
his hand to his ear and tell you to
count down and stuff it's an annoying
thing I got quite a bit last year and
they ass happened a few times this year
as well he manages to make it 1-1 but
head is it out tries to pass it back for
some reason and Gabby's there to pick up
the bowling cut with creative and yet
again khyati getting the second assist
to Gabby making it 21 just before
half-time not a bad game to be honest
I'm not a bad return either we do manage
to win the game walk away with 85
thousand coins plus the party 40,000 14
body as well and two informs in this
episode if you guys are enjoying it make
sure you smash that label and subscribe
if you are not subscribed as well for
more awesome fifa 15 content and comment
down below what plays you're looking
forward to seeing in this series and
remember guys check out my Twitter to
find out where I'm we're doing and
hopefully we can have a lot of fresh
opponents for the next week's episodes
also yeah that's about it really check
out all the hood yours until next time
guys also yeah champions leagues out
gonna be label plods so make sure you
check out 10pm bye bye